Add validation on ballast size between memorylimiter and ballastextension (#3532)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: processor/memorylimiter/README.md

A good starting point for `spike_limit_mib` is 20% of the hard limit. Bigger
`spike_limit_mib` values may be necessary for spiky traffic or for longer check intervals.

In addition, if the ballast size is specified in [ballastextension](../../extension/ballastextension), 
the same value that is provided via the `ballastextension` will be used in `memory_limitor` for
calculating the total allocated memory for the collector. The `ballast_size_mib` in 

> `memory_limiter` config has been deprecated and will be removed soon.

Reviewer: maybe we can point it out like `memory_limiter.ballast_size_mib`

> doesn't match the config option in `memory_limitor`. `memory_limiter` processor will be failed to start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
doesn't match the config option in `memory_limitor` then the `memory_limiter` processor will fail to start.
```
